Quality Attribute Specification Assignment 

1-You are working in company XYZ required you to develop ticketing system for Cinema, the owner of Cinema is focusing on two things:
a.Security system for purchase ticket using Credit Cards.
b.The performance of booking tickets.
Write scenarios for each requirement to get you client signature.
2-You are working in governmental sector and your boss required you to develop architecture to remove the overhead of official stamping for the documents without losing security.
Propose a proper architecture tactic to achieve this feature.
3-You are working in a starting company with limited budget and your boss required you suggest some tactics to reduce the maintainability cost of the software.
Propose three tactics for this objective.

Submit your answers at in your github host.
We will pick up randomly 5 students next session to present their answers.

1.
a:
Source of stimulus:  Cinema
Stimulus: Enhanced security system for ticket purchases with credit cards by detecting information entered when using credit cards
Environment: tickiting System
Artifact: under normal operations
Response: Gives correct or incorrect feedback when the user swipes and enters information 
Response measure:  under 5 seconds
When we use a credit card to purchase tickets, the credit card is placed on the credit card machine, the credit card machine reads the information in the credit card,
the information is encrypted when it is read and sent, and then sent to the server of the corresponding bank. 
This information cannot be read without authorization.
b.
Source of stimulus: Cinema
Stimulus: increase the performance of booking tickets 
Environment: booking System
Artifact: under normal operations
Response: process transaction of booking tickets 
Response measure: with average latency of 2 seconds and process 500 transactions per second
Under normal circumstances, users can make five hundred booking transactions in one minute, and
the average processing time of these transactions does not exceed five seconds

2.First, the architecture needs to detect the attack and identify potential errors (verifying message integrity tactic) and then the architecture needs to 
defend against the attack and encrypt the document. At the same time the architecture needs to run to detect and lock the user attacking this file (Lock Computer Tactic)
and revoke their access. The last is the self-recovery of the architecture, allowing the architecture to achieve the normal operation of the system during the attack (CIA)
3.Use advanced software development techniques and tools.:Using advanced software development technology can greatly improve software quality and reduce software costs. 
The object-oriented software development method is a very practical and powerful software development method.
The software system developed by the object-oriented method has good stability, is relatively easy to modify, is relatively easy to understand, and is easy to 
test and debug. Therefore, maintainability it is good.

Choose a maintainable language.:The choice of programming language has a big impact on maintenance. Low-level languages are hard to master, 
hard to understand, and therefore hard to maintain. In general, high-level languages ​are easier to understand than low-level languages, and 
fourth-generation languages are easier to understand, easier to program, easier to modify, and improved maintainability.

Improve the documentation of the program: Program documentation is the description and supplement of program function, 
relationship between program components, program design strategy, and historical data of program implementation process. 
Program documentation plays an important role in improving program readability. In order to maintain the program, one must read and understand the 
program documentation.
